Update README.md (#66)
AlmaLinux/alma-sbom: README.md

2. Activate the Virtual Environment: `source env/bin/activate`
3. Install dependencies: `pip install .`

## Getting started with pipx - easier way

[pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/) is tool to install and run python allplication in isolated environments.
You can use a python-based command line tool easier with it. Ofcourse alma-sbom too.
pipx package is released in epel(https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/epel/), so you can install it easily in AlmaLinux.

> Install alma-sbom with pipx:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install alma-sbom with pipx you can either:
```

> `pipx install .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clone the alma-sbom git repository and run `pipx install .` inside the cloned repository.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> or you can install alma-sbom using github link directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install alma-sbom directly using the github link by running `pipx install git+https://github.com/AlmaLinux/alma-sbom.git`
```

> `pipx install git+https://github.com/AlmaLinux/alma-sbom.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`$ alma-sbom --file-format cyclonedx-json build --build-id 4372`

### Creating the SBOM of a Package in other formats

You can get the SBOM of a Package using the __package__ subcommand, and providing the following argument:
* __rpm-package-hash__: The Immudb hash of the package you want to generate the SBOM for
* __rpm-package__: The path to RPM package you want to generate the SBOM for

Note that you have to either provide the _rpm-package-hash_ or the _rpm-package_ argument

Example to make SBOM of a Package with rpm-package-hash option in cyclonedx-xml format with verbose output:
`$ alma-sbom --verbose --file-format cyclonedx-xml package --rpm-package-hash b00d871e204ca8cbcae72c37c53ab984fdadc3846c91fb35c315335adfe0699b`

Example to make SBOM of a Package with rpm-package option in spdx-yaml format with debug output:
`$ alma-sbom --debug --file-format spdx-yaml package --rpm-package /path/to/package`

### Creating the SBOM of an ISO image in the default format (`SPDX-json`)

You can get the SBOM of an ISO image using the __iso__ subcommand, and providing the following argument:
* __iso-image__: Path to the `AlmaLinux installer ISO image` that you want to generate the SBOM for

> Note that you have to provide the _iso-image_ argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Note that you have to either provide a _rpm-package-hash_ or an _rpm-package_

Example to make SBOM of a Package with rpm-package-hash option in cyclonedx-xml format with verbose output:
`$ alma-sbom --verbose --file-format cyclonedx-xml package --rpm-package-hash b00d871e204ca8cbcae72c37c53ab984fdadc3846c91fb35c315335adfe0699b`

Example to make SBOM of a Package with rpm-package option in spdx-yaml format with debug output:
`$ alma-sbom --debug --file-format spdx-yaml package --rpm-package /path/to/package`

> ### Creating an SBOM of a ISO image in default(=SPDX-json) format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating the SBOM of an ISO image in the default format (`SPDX-json`)
```

> You can use the following arguments for build subcommand:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following arguments for the `build` subcommand:
```

> * __iso-image__: Path to `AlmaLinux installer ISO image` you want to generate the SBOM for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* __iso-image__: Path to the `AlmaLinux installer ISO image` that you want to generate the SBOM for
```

> Note that you have to provide a _iso-image_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you have to provide the _iso-image_ argument
```

> Example to make SBOM of a Package with rpm-package with default(=spdx-json) format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example to make an SBOM of an ISO image with default format (=SPDX-json):
```
